It is not acceptable that , with the help of the national bureaucracies , Parliament &apos;s legislative prerogative should be made null and void by means of implementing provisions whose content , purpose and extent are not laid down in advance .
Federal Master Trainer and Senior Instructor of the Italian Federation of Aerobic Fitness , Group Fitness , Postural Gym , Stretching and Pilates; from 2004 , he has been collaborating with Antiche Terme as personal Trainer and Instructor of Stretching , Pilates and Postural Gym .
&quot; Two soldiers came up to me and told me that if I refuse to sleep with them , they will kill me . They beat me and ripped my clothes .
Yes , we also say that the European budget is not about the duplication of national budgets , but about delivering common goals beyond the capacity of nation states where European funds can realise economies of scale or create synergies .
The name of this site , and program name Title purchased will not be displayed .
They would be abiding by the principle of the UN , which precludes military action except in self-defence , which does not apply here .
rapporteur . - (FR) Mr President , representatives of the Council and the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by thanking my colleagues , who entrusted me with this report , and the shadow rapporteur for their respective contributions .
Shortly thereafter , Mårthen Cedergran , who had been responsible for vocals , left Bombshell Rocks to establish himself as a tattoo artist .
The next item should be the presentation by the Commission of the preliminary draft budget for 2001 .
This is about as much as we can hope for within the confines of the common fisheries policy .
Description: ATTENTION PLEASE: WE CHARGE THE COST OF THE FIRST NIGHT AS A DEPOSIT AFTER THE ONLINE CONFIRMATION !
The Commission itself has given assurances that it will see to it that European seafarers are not put to any disadvantage by this agreement .
In the next two days we will try , with the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Security and Defence Policy and our distinguished guests , to work out what the framework of a Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Forum would look like .
Discover the most intuitive design for the best image processing tools .
The problem is , despite the beautiful coast and mountains , if good transparent progress is not made by having environmental assessments , then this beautiful countryside is in danger of being destroyed .
The Ventura MC processes even this demanding product at a speed of 200 cycles per minute - that is what you call efficient book sewing !
In everyday life , he works as a process improver at Eiffel .
If this is conceded , it will be a step forwards; if it is not , none of the rest - not even more effectiveness or better organisation - will make any difference to the European Union &apos;s decision-making process .
He claimed his actions were justified because the Cardassians were preparing to renew hostilities only a year after peace had been settled with the United Federation of Planets .
This page was last edited at 10: 59 , on 19 June 2009 by Anonymous user (s) of Wikitravel .
Some wine-growers are therefore tempted to replant their vineyards before the date on which their right to do so expires .
To be frank , during the negotiations - and with the support of the Commission moreover - it became very clear to us that we were being troublemakers .
To be honest , access to them on the part of organisations has been on an arbitrary basis .
On this page you will find information on the trade fairs we will be exhibiting at this year .
In many ways the enlargement of the European Union is comparable to the tour de France .
Some theorists include in this formulation the perceived distance of the moon (how far it appears to be from an observer).
The quality of all furniture , fixtures and fittings was excellent .
The Bone Bruise Technique was developed in 1995 . The Bone Bruise Technique can be used anywhere in the body , throughout the skeletal system , for correction of acute and chronic bone and joint pain that may be related to bone bruises .
Yet , if we really want growth in Europe , then we genuinely need to have a single market in Europe .
The compromise finally reached by the Council is , broadly speaking , in line with Parliament &apos; s stance .
This page was last modified 15: 34 , 11 September 2007 by Red _ marquis .
All our detectives are former workers of special regiment of Czech Police , where they were participated in solution of the serious criminal offences .
Equally , we will include provisions on readmission of illegal immigrants , while also developing our cooperation with the Iranian authorities on the broader issues of migration .
Hallmarking is Europe " s earliest form of consumer protection and probably started in France , the standard for silver being established in 1260 .
Apparently the Commission is discussing a paper with the Member States without even informing Parliament that it is doing so .
Mr President , Commissioner Fischler , rural development can and must tackle the problem from three different angles: preservation of jobs , stewardship of the countryside and , not least , local culture , because that is of the utmost importance .
Who is going to define how serious something has to be before intervention is necessary ?
I think that the EU should be prepared to face any attack or accident which jeopardises Europeans &apos; security and health .
We know that our customers often have chosen Embedded Linux to escape the vendor lock-in .
However , I would like to make two things quite clear , which in my opinion should definitely be viewed as critical comments .
Australian Premier John Howard has likewise openly mulled pre-emptive military strikes on terrorist sanctuaries in the region .
Later it was inhabited by Kares , Finikes , Cretans and Ionians .
Secondly , I support the principle of financial assistance to the main ACP banana-producing countries .
Further inventions like a two-phase induction motor , three-phase current system and multi-phase engines , are based in the areas of energy and magnetism , weak power production and - transfer .
Going north on the Sun Yat-sen Freeway , exit at BinJiang Street in Taipei , turn left at the end of the exit ramp , turn left after a few meters , and cross the DaZhih Bridge .
in writing . - (IT) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I voted in favour of Mr Cottigny &apos;s report on informing and consulting employees in the European Community .
That means in 12 to 18 months of payment of minimum subscription , or a fine and salt .
If that is a basis for trust , I am quite astounded .
I am therefore able to accept it .
I &apos;m not interested in girls with four layers , although they are also pretty adorable as the body is in the bloom period up nang sexy .
Later on , it is possible to accommodate grandparents or grown-up children in two separate apartments .
This is why we are , actually , in a kind of virtual debate and are doing silly things to boot .
I voted in favour of this document , because CAP reform must include adequate and reliable new measures and instruments which support farmers in improving crop rotation systems so as to substantially reduce the current protein deficit and price volatility .
Originals can be seen in the wonderful rooms of the Austrian Gallery in the Belvedere in Vienna .
I also think that the indicators should be developed more and that digital marine charts should be drawn up , which should also be used for cultural purposes .
In this tricky situation it was fundamentally important to give a signal of unity , cooperation and responsibility in a way that would get the negotiations to set new emission reduction targets for the post-Kyoto period (2012) off to a good start .
Finally , a third lesson - relevant to the fight against the death penalty and , indeed , to winning any political battle - is perseverance , which I consider to be a mix of pig-headedness and the ability to maintain one " s position .
And in any case , should we not appeal against a decision to imprison a Spanish businessman on the basis of the Helms-Burton Act ?
With the recent plan of ECU 10m , we have slightly enlarged the list of the NGOs .
Look at what happens in the United States or in Switzerland , where the taxes are not the same .
Smiths , Jervis St , Dublin 1. very good pub food , also handy to stop in if you &apos;re shopping around the Henry St area .
Among winter sports also the formula Fitness in Nature for those who love cross-country skiing .
EMULE , or electronic mule , is appropriately named as it is a very powerful file sharing program .
Madam President , over the last couple of years I have had the opportunity - perhaps I should say that alas I have had the opportunity - of making all too many statements to this Parliament on the situation in the Middle East .
Known as Typhoon for export , this high-performance multi-role combat aircraft is designed primarily for air superiority missions with extended air-to-ground mission capability .
This web site was born out of curiosity and its goal is to gather , for informative purposes , statistical data regarding the delays of the Cisalpino Pendolino .
Why is my internet connection so slowly ?
As we speak , my country , Italy , has increased its arms exports by 25% in one year and is forecasting a 40% increase in future .
Born 1958 in Obernberg am Inn / Austria .
It " s warmly expressive , intensely phrased , and the recorded sound is full and rich .
 (If any of the abilities use that creature &apos;s name , use this creature &apos;s name instead .
That is absolutely crucial . I entirely agree with Mrs Mann as far as that is concerned .
From the outset it became a leader in the field of the production and installation of greenhousing products , both at national and international level . At present , it is run by the Spelgatti family .
For more than 60 years , they have made garden furniture and they can really say this with quality and care for their furniture .
In fact , it is all a question of political will , others have said this and I would like to stress the point , nothing important will happen if we do not want it to .
Keeping the mage and warlock feeling distinct is a big challenge .
The bar is a great place to meet , talk sports or just enjoy the surroundings .
This may mean that the definition of what constitutes a serious crime is completely different in terms of the type of crime .
Conan Doyle spent many holidays in Meiringen , and there is a museum dedicated to him and his famous detective . Readers reacted to the news of Holmes " death with displeasure , which led the novelist to resurrect him three years later .
The population of that region expects such obvious problems to be solved .
* JBOD - " Just a bunch of discs ": The PC recognize several HDDs via one USB cable .
But it is clear that Mr Zeroual &apos;s government will not take Algeria out of the rut it has fallen into .
) - first floor: big living room with fire place , brick cooking corner with dischwascher , double divan-bed , 2 double rooms with bath and shower , satellite tv .
For our adventuresome guests the vibrant metropolis is the perfect travel destination . The centre of carnival is always worth a journey .
This plugin scans web pages for PDF links and set them to open with Google Docs Viewer . So there is no more need of Adobe reader .
The outcome of the abovementioned dialogue should result in paving the way towards - I would like to emphasise - the modernised CAP providing equal conditions for all Member States .
The use of laser light has made it possible to develop instruments for high precision measurements in the factory , on-line and on the bench .
This enables easier handling when the bag is not put on the ground and the lid is not always in your way .
For my country , actions to further international cooperation and better results are still of fundamental importance .
The hotels restaurant El Rincon offers French cuisine and an à la carte menu for lunch and dinner .
When installed , the Display Properties / Screen Saver / StarSaver options box is displayed .
You can read a list of the features currently being tested here .
Room cancellation is free up to 15 days prior to arrival .
Unfortunately , at this time , the conflicts that have arisen in these countries are seriously undermining their economic , social and political development , and constitute a serious obstacle to cooperation and regional security , as shown by the recent uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt .
" API " means the set of routines utilized by the Skype Software to provide the Skype Software functionality for a given platform or operating system .
Clearly , such dramatic decisions can , however , be damaging to the regions and to those communities that depend upon fisheries and the industry surrounding fisheries . The EU must therefore intervene and raise some of these problems .
Achieving an agreement in Copenhagen will give the necessary impetus for coordination at global level of the actions to be taken against climate change .
When the biologists objected that not all cells are spherical , Rashevsky responded that the theory must first be applied to the simplest cases .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would first like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Lange , because he has once again spearheaded a very important debate here .
He is being held by his Taliban captors , who threaten to execute him today if their demands are not met .
IBM Installation Manager can be silently installed and uninstalled .
This means that , although they do not have a notification duty , they must , of course , deliver waste .
 (The President cut off the speaker) 
This is all the more important because - as has already been said - all these safety requirements also concern the protection of human beings , and in particular the protection of people who are incapable or less capable of giving their informed consent .
We also have to promote people &apos;s interest in ecological farms and ecological products , both at EU level and in the Member States .
These peoples naturally belong among us , and they have earned their place in our midst .
That is why we have tabled Amendment No 11 by Mr Watson and Baroness Ludford , on the basis of which this penalty scheme does not apply if a person is seeking asylum .
On this issue , therefore , it is necessary to act cautiously , seeking the broadest possible consensus and taking account of international law .
I think that this way of operating farm policy is not conducive to creating confidence amongst the producers concerned .
For this reason , it remains essential that we have adequate resources at our disposal over and above the CAP budget .
In drawing up the proposal , the Commission carefully considered which products should be included within its scope .
Place your chips on the table corresponding to one or more dice combinations .
But after my sickness I couldn " t find a way to access that part of my brain .
Save on data roaming costs: Travel abroad and use a prepaid SIM card with your Surfstick. launch2net Premium will take care of the connection details .
Thursday:
Golf at the two local 18 hole courses or at the pitch and putt .
The debate is closed .
Fixed a bug where NPC faction changes were not properly affecting quest-giver exclamation marks .
It is important for the European Parliament , the Council and the Commission to have regular contact on these issues , not only between officials , but also at policy level .
Energize for the day ahead in the gym , or simply relax at the free Wi-Fi zone in the lobby café .
Yes , of course we have special prices negotiated with companies .
Another field of application for alloys with 76 - 81% Ni-content is the magnetic shielding of devices , components , or control elements .
This is an area where the threshold of the intolerable has been crossed , and I am well aware that France has no monopoly on such things .
Creative Recreation WMNS Galow HI (yellow / black) - Product not found !
The company is also responsible for any social consequences that a partial stoppage of production may have .
The Council President was right to warn him against using force and quite properly urged him to respect press freedom and democracy , an admonition which he will probably ignore , as observers expressly complained he did at the time of the elections .
We must not abandon this essential attribute in favor of provincialism of any variety .
As pollution does not stop at borders , we must also urge our neighbouring countries to implement our strict mercury policy .
He was reportedly in charge of liaising with the commanders in the field and of supervising and controlling operations .
A more realistic goal would be to understand the history of other countries and their impartial version of events .
I believe that we should show our appreciation for their silent and subtle company with great enthusiasm .
Additionally , a design-scrum-of-scrums has proven to be very good to keep track of different design solutions within other teams , meaning regular meetings after the teams " stand-up meetings with the GUI representatives of these teams .
There is no need to declare this before the vote; if you agree , we shall proceed in this way .
If you now want to replay a picture and you are used to press the lowest button on the left hand side the camera will ask you if you are sure to delete the picture: This will come as a surprise !
In addition to proposing an increase in the care allowance , we are therefore also discussing a Social Year and appropriate retraining for the unemployed , as well as " care semesters " for prospective medical students .
in writing . - The Lambsdorff report and recommendation are of high political importance in as much as they promote a reinforcement of the European Union inside the United Nations .
You can move into this or another bungalow right now .
The Commission will , therefore , examine whether the current programmes can be used for PACT-like projects for inter-modal transport in the candidate countries .
These are luxury cottages consisting of 2 rooms for 3 people each .
So we must muster the strength to create competitive structures .
We analyze surfaces and interfaces down to the micro- and nanometer scale with state-of-the-art analytical equipment .
Particularly the CGI program has no possibility to inform the client about its result (output) that way .
... sound clips 36- to 144-notes movements right in column &quot; information &quot; ...
The co-decision and conciliation mechanism has led us into an impasse .
SLD confronted on the online activities .
When will the results and prizes of the corporate runs be awarded ?
And this difference emerges even before it is fully operational .
They pardon the new absence , I am without time .
In the meantime , in fact , the only path open is to increase the contributor base , while noting that the current rise in the employment rate seems rather insecure .
Question No 25 by (H-0549 / 00):
Teachers , prefects and special music , gym and catechesis teachers provide assistance to the girls and boys that attend the Kindergarten every day .
In response to the Commissioner &apos;s call , the three main industry associations - the Federation of European Securities Exchanges (FESE), European Association of Central Counterparty Clearing Houses (EACH) and European Central Securities Depositories Association (ECSDA) - prepared a Code of Conduct .
Ljeto i ljetovanje na Kornatima nezaboravan je i neponovljiv doživljaj .
The Commission has suggested the blame lies with the Member States .
It is , of course , unfortunate that German banks and pension funds lent money to debt-laden countries such as Spain , Greece , and Portugal on overly favorable terms , inflating asset bubbles that eventually had to burst .
Mr President , I will limit myself to only a few basic comments .
The legendary Venetian Villas , made in the 1500 by artists such as Palladio and Veronese: a 30 km itinerary from Padova to Venezia , along the Brenta River , by car or by the famous boat &quot; il Burchiello &quot; .
This hampers the procedure of customs clearance , especially in cases , when a heterogeneous product is shipped by the supplier simultaneously in one product group .
Until now , the Polish Government has not asked the Commission to investigate the reasons for the Smoleńsk disaster .
A voluntary instrument is all very well so long as it is not required to replace framework directives that have not been passed .
This campaign has to be financed from resources of the Member States , privately and with European funds .
When it comes to dividing up the work that exists in this Parliament , I , as rapporteur for REACH , belong to the category of sherpas , of those who work to deliver results , like my colleague , Mrs Gebhardt .
Great location , close to the city centre and historic sites .
Fashion , literature and food are ranked fourth , each with 4% .
Let me also welcome the support expressed in your draft opinion for the Commission proposal to amend the Regulation on the Application of the Protocol on the Excessive Deficit Procedure (EDP).
In March 2010 , Toho Tenax Co . , Ltd . , Tokyo / Japan , the core company of Teijin " s carbon fibers business , began to sell carbon fiber fabric that is less than half the weight of conventional lightest carbon fiber fabrics .
Yesterday &apos;s Minutes said that we agreed Tuesday &apos;s Minutes but in fact Tuesday &apos;s Minutes were incorrect .
The integrated Hall sensors provide the position information for the commutation of the motor .
Businesses are sometimes exempted from legal provisions , so that special licences are granted , or environmental or noise standards are loosely applied .
I would like to state quite categorically on behalf of the Scottish National Party members here , Mrs Ewing and myself , that is not the case .
How much control should we have over personal information on the web ?
Piracy has an impact on our fishing and merchant fleet , and also on the countries with whom we sign agreements , whose development or ruin also depends on the safety of fishing in that area .
None of those indicted for war crimes had been arrested by the authorities of Republika Srpska .
Canada has a reputation as a leader in English language education .
Only a few minutes walking distance from the hotel , you will be able to taste the multiple delights of the local restaurants or you can visit the famous Grand Rex cinema (movie theatre), admire the Place de la République or explore the Musée Grévin waxworks .
According to an old Chinese saying , " a just cause enjoys abundant support , while an unjust cause finds scant support . " A " just cause " resides in people " s hearts .
Normally one plate per group but if you are in a large group you may have to request additional plates .
Change the section related to choosing a filesystem: note that ext3 is now the default .
This page was last modified 18: 50 , 19 November 2009 by gautam .
The Audiovisual Training Coalition (ATC) was established in December 2006 with the aim to represent the interests of independent organizations devoted to transnational training , development and research for the audiovisual industry .
Instead Spain , has strenuously defended them , and complemented it with new products .
The Finance Ministers need to decide in ECOFIN whether to hold an informal meeting on the financial perspectives .
However , I do not agree with this line of thought .
The staff var friendly and very helpfull .
If we are to conduct a dialogue in Europe on contemporary challenges to humanitarianism , we cannot restrict ourselves to the death penalty , on which we do , after all , have a common opinion .
Today , after we submitted our motion , we were informed by various human rights organisations that three women activists from this movement - Nashrin Afzali , Nahid Jafari and Zeynab Peyghambarzadeh - have been sentenced to suspended prison sentences and whipping .
And MSN Webmaster tools also have a sitemap that is little known to register I do not like .
The majority of the titles was produced exclusively for this music competition and their lyrics are about Karnevals der Kulturen .
Academy membership may be obtained by a competitive nomination (however , the nominee must be invited to join) or a member may submit a name .
Cost-efficiency is essential .
The Bank does not collect personally identifying data from the Website except when specifically and knowingly provided by you .
in writing . - I voted against this report .
Deejaysystem Audio Mk2 is an audio mixing programme and a simple and preci ...
Chaos will be arranged and reduced to essential elements . In the constant dialogue basic knowledge of chromatics and composition teachings is playfully learnable .
The Roman period was one of comparative calm , Palermo coming under the provincial administration in Syracuse .
Subject: The EU &apos;s State aid map
Shine gained today in Wijchen (NL) another point for his Dutch youthtitle .
Mr President , the conciliation has been quite difficult .
Mr President of the Commission , this is our message: use your power of initiative to help the Council to adopt an ambitious programme for a social Europe .
I welcome the adoption of many amendments , which I will not go over again , but I would like to say that today we are asking not just for micro-credit resources , but we are also asking that micro-credit ...
Beginning today you can order tickets for Karel Gott " s concert in Prague " s 02 Arena on Nov . 26 , 2008 .
We have some &#91; http: / / spreadopenmedia.org / banners banners &#93; that you can use .
Apart from this issue , we will vote in favour , because it is clear that progress has been made .
As well as that , funding is extremely important .
The + operator appends elements of remaining keys from the right handed array to the left handed , whereas duplicated keys are NOT overwritten .
I think that whoever takes the risk of smoking and becoming ill will already have paid for his hospital bed .
Get notified when adidas-slopestyle adds new stuff .
We take pride and pleasure in providing a highly professional but personalised service , and in offering an ambience that &apos;s uniquely unforgettable .
Elections do occur in the Arab world , and they vary in frequency and significance .
Given the developments that we have recently observed , the Member States and the members of the Council itself do not have a serious view of the Council .
The better the input , the better the final result .
As the second reading agreement on 99% of the text has been maintained , I shall just summarise the aspects that we made our priority .
However , you may obtain further information about jobs and careers within the World of TUI here .
One key area of concern for these Southern African Customs Union (SACU) countries is the loss of customs revenue , as Mrs Kinnock has said .
So progress has been made with regard to Croatia , as Mr Poręba has emphasised .
At the same time it has integrated the EMC Documentum system for internal company content management .
Labelling is an area where it is easy to deceive the consumer .
This is not simply a crisis in farming but a wasteland of failed businesses and job losses in tourism , transport and in other sectors .
St. Vitus Cathedral is the largest and the most important temple in ...
It was certainly not a genuine exercise to draft a new constitution and was far from inclusive .
One cannot do anything but simply be enchanted with this pure beauty .
First of all , the importance of the European Parliament actively participating in allocating projects for new energy links , in particular between Member States &apos; gas and energy supply networks , has been noted .
Choose and discard X cards: Return X target cards in your graveyard to your hand .
This is unparliamentary behaviour .
As the moon rises our boat remains here to later take us near the erupting vent of Anak Krakatau .
It is common to find millions of applications that bring the possibility of performing radio streaming on the Internet ,; this means , utilities that are capable of broadcasting radio stations through their graphical environment .
The summit has made it clear that the missile defence system , which is now safeguarding the whole of Europe as part of a joint NATO project , is an important step towards further cooperation .
There are no agreements on external border controls .
Rescue mode should be used with great care when software RAID arrays were in use on the system to rescue .
When would you like to stay at the Vivahotel Pitti Palace al Ponte Vecchio ?
The Mediterranean is light , is pleasure , is culture , is people , is everything that you can wish , is even more than this .
European regulation is in my view absolutely essential for the period in which the European postal businesses are negotiating over the problem of terminal dues .
A muscle kid , a boy next door , a Latin stud , a tatooed homeboy ...
On that violent night City Hall was converted it into an &quot; Autonomous Municipality .
This is revealed not only by the earnings gap between men and women .
Quality wise cold foil can not out perform hot foil but the costs are lower .
From the beginning of the programmes for 2007-2013 to the beginning of March 2009 , nearly 8 400 agreements on financial support were signed , concerning total expenditure of PLN 15.4 billion .
The non-intrusive nature of the government is appreciated: people eagerly engage in their private affairs - with little regard for the political realm , which they have willingly abandoned .
However , it is important to explain that the monetary union is a community power .
Chapter 23 has throughout been the subject of the special attention of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe (ALDE).
It has a fine selection of western foods (a superb Club Sandwich) and Arabic foods (cous cous and kebabs).
I am a big fan of Art which I have always enjoyed , so it was a pleasure for me to be given the opportunity by " Kith &amp; Kids " to paint a picture for them .
Note: socket _ read () returns a zero length string (&quot; &quot;) when there is no more data to read .
We have 3 HQ episode stills for Supernatural episode # 5.09 .
Mr President , Mr Napolitano has hit the nail on the head on this issue .
Just as in the case of Windows Live Messenger , including Google Talk , you can use a simple trick that allows the execution ...
Madam President , honourable Members , allow me , at this point , to make a brief comment on behalf of the Council and express how very depressing this topic is for all of us .
The 1 st floor &apos;s rooms have been recently renovated and offer balcony , ceiling ventilator , new bathroom with hairdryer and shower box .
Secondly , there will be an increase in intensive livestock farming , with all its adverse effects on the environment , and the third effect concerns methane production , as most of the meat will be beef .
Extensive expert advice and application tests free of charge on the h / p / cosmos booth were accepted very well .
At least half of these pieces should be chosen from the Lied compositions of G. Mahler and H. Wolf , preferably pieces with different character . The other pieces can be selected freely .
Everything you need to know about migration to the current version 3 for Unix can be found at &quot; Upgrade to Avira Unix products version 3 &quot; .
TOPAZ Archive: 15 , 14 , 13 , 12 , ...
FileAlyzer can display plain text as well as text in the Rich Text Format (files with the extension .rtf).
A lot of rooms have radio and balcony .
Mr President , it is true that the accessions of Romania and Bulgaria should not fall victim to the new climate of crisis and fatigue amongst the citizens demonstrated by the failures relating to the Constitutional Treaty .
Nonetheless , numerous common messages emerged from these different perceptions .
That concludes this item .
We have heard about some of these , the usual ones that former Communist states have had to cope with: corruption , criminality , abuses in the administration of justice , a not particularly efficient public service , and the like .
B5-0783 / 2001 by McKenna and Lagendijk , on behalf of the Greens / European Free Alliance Group ,
At the end of this massacre , Nyiramasuhuko reportedly went to an encampment where a group of Interahamwe were holding prisoner some 70 Tutsi women and young girls .
There is a clear variation between Member States in terms of the quality and supply of their provision , rates of enrolment , approach to services , governance of services , and so on .
Zócalo continued to remain the center , but gained an increasingly symbolic significance .
We expect you to guarantee that such small manufacturers are protected from those who wish to deny them access to the market .
That needs to change if major vulnerabilities are to be addressed successfully .
In my opinion , cooperation between Member States to increase safety in civil aviation is an important precaution due to the growth of air travel .
" Austria set out to give the EU new momentum during its Presidency .
I believe that President Obama &apos;s decision is a good one and that it will help to restore the credibility of the United States of America and of the Western world as a whole .
Therefore , if we want to prevent rampant separatism , we must begin a new approach , a European approach reconciling individual beliefs with self-determination and territorial integrity .
Finally , in the context of this debate , it underlines the need for improved corporate social responsibility .
These are Amendments Nos 7 , 9 , 15 , 18 , 19 , 24 , 50 , 56 , 60 and 61 , which we accept either in part , in principle or in full .
I doubt that this package will satisfy the demands of some of the fishing sector , especially if fuel prices remain high and we still have excess capacity .
In Pakistan people are being sentenced to death for belonging to a religion .
Just in time for the start of this year " s peak season , arvato digital services is announcing the expansion of its Blu ray capacities to ...
Wrote a lot about landing pages , wherever possible , all the places listed more or less the same , the scheme such as a method of psychology .
We want , as far as products are concerned , regulations that are very clear for businesses , whereby their teams who work on products can get on with the job of producing brilliant designs and high-quality and safe products .
We are most grateful that you visited our website .
Combining a sense of style and comfort , a real wood floor creates a lasting impression .
The third reason is that those Member States which have transposed the directive have gone about the designation of sensitive areas in very different ways .
We can &apos;t guarantee it , but we can guarantee that it is easy to transfer these dreamy landscape photos (greeting cards from Otto Jaennis , Artea Verlag) onto fabric , with the help of transfer paste (Pidy Transfercolour from Sambra)!
The security of electronic networks and computerised systems along with technologies for enhancing personal data protection are the main concern of the Strategy for a Safe Information Society , adopted by the Commission in 2006 .
Hotel Gela is situated in the centre of Gela (District Smolyan), only 18 km from the famous ski resort Pamporovo , at the foothills of the highest Rhodope peak Perelik (2191m).
We think this type of issue is better dealt with at national level .
While they are waiting for customers &quot; they talk about their mountain bikes &quot; , explains Dirk .
There was broad agreement on the need to support President Abbas and his new government led by Prime Minister Fayyad .
We should demonstrate that Europe exerts itself on specific concerns and delivers exceptionally well on them .
I reiterate that now because the ECSC continued to be of excellent service to us in recent years , no cofinancing is needed and the system of financing could in any case have been adapted .
Frankie shows Kira to the countroom , where large amounts of cash are accumulated and stored in the safe .
The incoming government has many challenges to face , including awaiting the results of the second banking stress test due at the end of the month so that we will finally know the extent of the problem .
We rely on your donations to tell Rotary &apos;s story .
From our beautiful restaurant , you have a super view towards the Westerschelde , while you are enjoying the fine dishes prepared by our kitchen staff .
It supports the calls on FIFA and the sporting goods companies to make sure that no children are employed in the production of FIFA licensed sportswear and footballs .
Deskom renew its sponsorship of the " Forum de la dematerialisation " last June , 17th and 18th .
I welcome the fact that the Convention recognises the distinctive nature of cultural goods and services as transmitters of values and identity and it establishes that they transcend their commercial dimension legitimising thus domestic and international cultural policies .
Madam President , Mr Tajani said at the beginning of the debate that this sends a good signal to Europe &apos;s citizens .
Improved detection and training of disabled persons , especially of children of minor age .
Why not try your luck at the nearby casino , just 800 m away .
2 Verily thus saith the Lord: It is Christ .
I certainly hope it will work out that way .
We would do well to reflect on what all this has achieved .
More money and attention was soon devoted to HIV prevention and treatment .
The Unique Hotel Post is a completely renovated , traditional 4-star hotel in the centre of Zermatt furnished in a cosy and modern Mountain Lodge style .
That is 3 decibels less than we are to adopt for the year 2005 tomorrow .
Nonetheless , such an agreement cannot put the privacy of the transactions of natural and legal persons at risk .
Tip: Due to huge list of &quot; ... memory ... &quot; related keyword pages listed on this page , use the &quot; Find in Page &quot; function below .
American Roulette wheels are divided into 38 evenly spaced slots numbered 0 , 00 and 1 through 36 .
Description: Dear Guests ! Welcome to Touring Hostel in Siófok , in the " capital of Hungarian summer " .
Very good location just a short walk (15 mintues) to the centre of Porto .
It seemed then that each of the new Member States would observe the EU &apos;s basic principles and the ban on discrimination , as well as protect and value linguistic diversity and the rights of national minorities .
The H1 is a really solid , great camera .
That &apos;s a broad advantage in mobile usage scenarios: On a notebook , WLAN hot spots and UMTS / 3G connectivity may be used in parallel while available .
The financial perspective will be the moment of truth .
It is therefore a timely debate and one which I am very pleased will take place .
Recent contacts with political leaders in Kosova have made it clear to me that the young Kosovan institutions face enormous handicaps in seeking to pursue a real and effective policy , not least on the socio-economic front .
I &apos;ll try to help on both sides .
All components required for operation have been combined in a shapely housing: rectifier , inverter and break circuit .
But , in their laudable desire to distance themselves as much as possible from those atrocities , Germany " s legislators have enacted a law that makes it a crime to use modern science to avoid undoubted human tragedies .
PT: Actually , yes , I &apos;m in some 3D projects , and I must say that the first shooting I did in this format began in 2000 .
You might even think you &apos;re on the french riviera .
Furthermore , there are some facilities operating only for part of the working day , which restricts parents &apos; access to the labour market .
The busts of the 15th Century-built baroque St. Nicholas Church with its 55 m high , baroque bell tower showing whom the town with the most sun hours pe ...
From the very beginning there was a hospital in the Stalag Bergen-Belsen established in the huts of the former workers &apos; camp .
There are two railway stations: the smaller station &apos; Mechelen Nekkerspoel &apos; and the central station &apos; Mechelen &apos; .
1152206 - Pretty terraced in quiet area .
We offer to prepare " Party Packages " - tailored service packages for different events to minimize your effort as to choice of services and organizing the event itself .
We do not have any specific statistics on the impact of the American measures in each Member State , since this is managed at Union level and since our partners in dialogue are the steel companies , most of which are now based in several European countries .
Near highways in the village center and close to supermarkets .
You might want to check this with the List Parts function .
An exceptional and popular hotel situated in the heart of Kato Paphos across the road from the beach , close to shops , restaurants and places of interest .
Having drawn approximately 8,000 attendees and 130 exhibitors from ten countries , hybridica enjoyed a successful premiere .
After the vote on Amendment No 165
In the United States of America , wind and water brought a tenth of oil refining activity to a halt , but the price rose by 40% .
Automation of folding for office use through the introduction of the A4-folder trendFOLD and the A3-machine smartFOLD .
Use our simple form to submit your technical support requests online .
The EU has legislation in place enabling cross-border claims and the mutual recognition of national courts &apos; judgments , including the Brussels I Regulation , the European Enforcement Order , the European small claims procedure and the order for payment procedure .
And so we come to the problem: the communication from the Commission .
The Taliban , who demanded to be left alone in exchange for staying out of politics , were driven into Pakistan , where they reconvened .
In order to forget this as soon as possible , we are willing to show our generosity by tossing a few bags of ecus to the main victims , that is , the unfortunate fishermen and owners of vessels .
British Airways shall not be liable for any Loss suffered by a Member and / or traveller as a result of their failure to arrange the above .
There is an imbalance here .
At the bottom please find some further information about the approval procedure and nessessary documents .
It is especially important to promote sustainable tourism and improve conditions for the growth of environmental and cultural tourism .
Who could possibly be opposed to something so nice ?
And now , the snow has fallen in recent days and has covered everything .
For take-offs , the procedures differ depending on the portion of the take-off during which noise is to be reduced .
Although perhaps unfeasible , it enjoys enormous support , and I find the resistance of the Council and the Commission to discussion of this tax staggering .
 (NL) Thank you , Madam President , I would also refer to my report and would like to specifically emphasise two points .
This would also allow us to spend the money in a more targeted way .
Numerous winter hiking opportunities (also with Nordic Walking signposting) and the sledging track , thanks to its always well-maintained condition , are very popular .
And while the parents swish down the pistes , the little ones are looked after in King Laurin &apos;s Kinderland with a snow playground , or on the King Laurin kiddie ski tour .
We must all remember that what we have here is a reform treaty and an amending treaty that will ensure that an EU of 27 can work effectively and , more importantly , work closely with the citizens of the European Union .
We often hide behind structural deficiencies and I would certainly acknowledge that there are structural deficiencies , not least the requirement for unanimity .
I think that , on the contrary , every effort needs to be made to restore confidence between the European Union and the developing countries .
Does the Commission have any idea ?
The gluing of the ears should last until approximately 8-10 months , depending on each particular case (on request).
After matriculating , he started to study for a B.A. at the Fort Hare University , where he met Oliver Tambo , and the two became lifelong friends and colleagues .
This European authority for financial markets will be set up on 1 January 2011 and will deliver , under strict conditions , a &apos; passport &apos; permitting the activity of managers of alternative funds located in the European Union .
Transpneumatics Co. is ready to fabricate hydraulic dampers with any types of bearings and any characteristics under additional agreement with the customer .
The EU materials and the annotations made by the contributors to this Database are also provided in these three languages (or - as translation works are still pending - will soon be provided in all of these languages).
- Mr President , the fact is , then , that Syngenta has been bringing genetically-modified maize into Europe for several years - whether mistakenly or deliberately cannot be determined .
Transferring the level of an art space like the Secession onto the museum plane is in my opinion not a very promising endeavor .
These include specific , individualized measures such as guidance for team or change processes , coaching , in-house seminars and external workshops .
Guinea is in complete decline .
nicetobook is the best place to make a Hotel reservation , here you can easily find the best rates , without an additional cost .
If you click on this link , a new search with this position is started; all shown distances are then related to the chosen marina position .
Ideas about creating ad hoc coalitions of countries as possible substitutes for a common security and defence policy are dangerous , in my opinion , as no European state in the 21st century has a real chance of being a significant player in the area of security and defence .
We believe that , in the cases where it is established that there is a major problem , these must also be followed up with actual action plans .
Surely , ad hoc tribunals such as those in former Yugoslavia or Rwanda are a much better solution .
It is in everyone &apos;s interest that a transitional system enters into force by Christmas .
It is a shameless agenda of expansionism which drives the EU in wanting to encompass Turkey .
This picturesque peninsula offers a variety of sporting possibilities , such as hiking , biking , golf and water sports , all within 10 km from the hotel .
AEG Power Solutions: more than a century of innovation and customer service .
It is crucial that we have uniform European standards , since rivers cross borders and cyanide is , of course , also an environmental hazard that crosses borders .
There are some free tools available that can show you how often people search for your keywords or phrases .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) created Teaching Copyright curriculum and website to help educators give students the real story about their digital rights and responsibilities on the Internet and beyond .
Have a look at Karel Gott " s photographs documenting his stay in the USA (New York + Chicago - New York) on September 11 - 12 , 2009 .
I am already anticipating Minister Zalm &apos; s criticism that another parliament building is surely a pure waste of money .
We have few historic moments to celebrate , but we had a great many practical and difficult tasks to accomplish .
Indeed , the Union for Europe Group cannot accept the manner in which the Commission has interpreted the content of the GATT agreements .
Are we soon to see taxes being shifted from products or income to the use of raw materials ?
Diverse activities are carried out within the partnerships throughout the year in order to stimulate the collaboration in the fields of business and research .
Our guests can enjoy an optimal user-friendly Internet site offering a broad overview and allowing them to choose from among their favourite unique hotels .
It tells us that implementing a tax at European level alone would be disastrous for our financial sector .
Mr President , Commissioner .
For Radio and TV transmissions or recordings of the different stages , candidates have no right to claim fees and must consent to any broadcastings and recordings .
Maastricht recognizes the significance of culture in clause 128 but for millions of Europeans sport is more important .
Run by successive generations of the Janinet family for 43 years , the hotel offers a warm , family atmosphere .
Each country has vastly different interests .
I don &apos;t do long tours with the band , so I don &apos;t get bored usually .
Formal education was almost at a total standstill; millions were illiterate and uneducated .
Make sure the paper feeds correctly into the All-In-One .
The Belgians did that exceptionally well and have given an example to other countries of how to do so in future .
I agree with the rapporteur &apos;s call for all EU Member States to begin the process of ratifying the Stabilisation and Association Agreement with Serbia .
Depending on the OS name it will find out which binaries to use .
in writing . - (PL) I would like to express my thanks to Mr Marcin Libicki , Chairman of the European Parliament &apos;s Committee on Petitions , for working on a subject that has aroused a great deal of anxiety .
In the center of the summit caldera is a small , steep-sided cone composed primarily of decomposed lava bombs and a large deposit of anorthoclase crystals . It is within this summit cone that the active lava lake continuously degasses .
I appreciate that it is difficult precisely to define the EU &apos;s role in the reconstruction until UN decisions have made matters clear .
As far as amendments to my report are concerned , I do not support either of the two amendments that have been tabled .
The 2009 vintage was aged in a stainless steel tank and reveals a fine bouquet of pineapple and banana .
You can also see native people on makeshift canoes swimming and fishing along the New River . As you travel further down the river you pass many Menonite villages that have been there since the 1700 &apos;s .
The history of the market dates back to the Bronze Age and Celtic times .
The end is development of the ACP economies and poverty reduction for the poorest people in those countries .
I do not know whether you are a romantic or not , Mr Prodi .
This page was last modified 09: 00 , 15 December 2008 by Red _ marquis .
7 And we did take our tents and whatsoever things were possible for us , and did journey in the wilderness for the space of many days .
We ask the Commission to make the necessary resources available so that the referendum can be guaranteed and the humanitarian aid continued .
Lwaxana mentioned her daughter while talking to Constable Odo aboard Deep Space 9 in 2369 and remembered her experiences with DaiMon Tog .
If it is possible to fix the problem , and the package maintainer or someone else provides correct updated packages , then the security team will generally process them and release an advisory .
In the last few years , more and more professional athletes have showed interest in Fuerteventura .
Hopefully , we will be able to draw up a common effective programme which makes the Union even better equipped to prevent conflicts around the world .
This page was last modified 22: 14 , 17 November 2009 by Red _ marquis .
The working spectrum is getting enlarged by the department Blech Tech with metal-sheet processing for front covering , job-work and building component manufacturing .
There will be no change either for the &apos; pre-in &apos; or for the candidate countries .
Subscribe to our Newsletter for free !
The hotel is also within walking distance of the city " s financial district and Stock Exchange .
Mr President , I would like to emphasise a few points about groundwater which we have to keep in mind , even at this stage .
If you have any questions , our specialists will be happy to offer you further assistance .
Your continued use of the Products after expiry of the 30-day period shall constitute Your acceptance to be bound by the terms and conditions of the revised version of the Terms of Service .
This certainly enhances the incomes of some bloggers , but this behavior suggests that only income generating really interested .
The aim is to harmonise the rules governing the visa policy of the Member States .
Falric and Marwyn: Captains for Arthas Menethil in life , Scourge commanders for the Lich King in death , Falric and Marwyn will be summoned to the Halls of Reflection for one purpose: destroying all intruders .
You know how much importance I have attached to the fight for jobs ever since the start of my mandate .
Placed in the heart of Manhattan , near the Empire State Building and Times Square , this design hotel offers comfortable guestrooms with contemporary amenities and a unique on-site restaurant .
The Commission has not denied these reports .
We are doing so in the wake of a tragic and terrifying border incident .
Even Microsoft PowerPoint ® does not provide the possibility of switching on and off selected presentations automatically .
It has become clear from Eurojust &apos;s experience that its operational efficiency needs to be improved by ensuring that its National Members have equivalent status .
-Yes , we have two guys who care experts that .
The third change makes it possible for pole-and-line tuna vessels and surface longliners to obtain quarterly licences instead of the 12-month licences previously provided for .
For example , rich countries should reduce agricultural subsidies and open up their markets more to Third World food exports .
Like their counterparts in the north , they would still be socially committed , but mindful of their stock options , as they bored their children with stories of the &quot; I was at Woodstock &quot; variety .
Is the correct Schweigler only written with &quot; ei &quot; ?
Our mountain hut has 8 double rooms , 1 room with three beds and 30 places in dormitory , all equipped with duvets and pillows .
This is the double zero tolerance which I believe is the essence of Mr Parish &apos;s proposal .
More important is the maximum level of quality , convenience and safety .
Welcome to Lido degli Estensi , one of the most scenic locations on the Adriatic Riviera .
It is also accepted for admission to all the other segments of Sigma Society .
Impressive chalet on a 500 m ² plot , with 470 m ² surface constructed in two levels and basement .
As you see: the perfect virus scanner does not exist !
Mr President , if we are here debating how long the current scheme of generalised tariff preferences (GSP) will be in force , it is because the Commission has failed in its obligation to table the proposed substantive revision of this scheme within the proper timeframe .
In its approach towards Russia , the European Union must try to strike a balance between those values and interests , one that will , at the same time , enable us to have a positive bearing on Russia " s internal developments .
If you are working with CityDesk you can download the archive file cityd-search.zip .
During the Dolomiti Balloonfestival 2011 every child hast he possibility to take part oft he world oft he balloons .
Gentle stroke that lets the ball roll across the green towards or into a hole .
Mr President , congratulations to Parliament for also voting in favour of keeping derogations regarding the importing of alcoholic products and the continued application of excise duty payments .
When would you like to stay at the Grand Hotel Baglioni ?
The intention behind an act is one thing , the practice that it brings about quite another .
- Recently , there have been conflicting reports about what sort of cooperation we have with Libya regarding illegal immigration .
Submitted by Anonymous (not verified) on March 15 , 2007 - 16: 42 .
Another modern Russian , and indeed European , hero is Shurshadze , formerly called Shurshin , a young student from St Petersburg about whom I read in the press .
In Ecuador the growers get $ 3-4 a box which is then resold at $ 22-23 .
Here you can find information about the ancient art of the search for the truffle , which has been handed down in our family for four generations and today it has been entrusted to my care .
In the village of La Bastide-Puylaurent , you will find a pharmacy , a bazaar , a bakery , a grocery , a butcher , a mechanic and a post office .
Our many years of experience in marketing flowers have facilitated the successful introduction of our roses in more than 30 different countries .
It is bad enough to be an accident victim in another Member State .
One of the most important aspects of the report , from a purely economic perspective , is that all forms of transport will be needed in the future , for both passengers and goods , in order to provide the necessary level of mobility .
In that sense , I would make an urgent appeal to the Commission to do something about this .
Situated in the Bahnhofstrasse , at the heart of car-free Zermatt , the Seiler Hotel Schweizerhof offers you a charmingly rustic and sportive atmosphere .
The value of the Footprint as a trusted sustainability metric therefore depends not only on the scientific integrity of the methodology , but also on consistent and transparent presentation of results across analyses .
It has highlighted the position of the preliminary question in the European system and the need to step up training in Community law within the Member States .
The amendment seeks to correct this .
Murter island was inhabited in the ancient times and in the times of Ilyrians .
Nevertheless it is a fact that the Sudanese commander has supplied Kony with massive amounts of arms , which has enabled him to carry out the recent abductions .
This will focus on security sector reform - including the fight against drugs that I mentioned earlier - and the enhancement of the national sovereign institutions .
If you are drinking with Vietnamese people it is considered polite to top up their beer / ice before re-filling your own drink .
Today &apos;s amendments restore the balance , and so long as they are maintained the report &apos;s timid measures are better than nothing and deserve our support .
Several hundred thousand people visit it every year .
Mrs Rosa Díez González spoke of the Spanish Presidency &apos;s drum roll .
Madam President , we should once again wholeheartedly thank the French Presidency , which made great progress on the question of asylum when it brought about adoption of the European Pact on Immigration and Asylum by the Council in October of last year .
It is not about people smuggling or about prostitution per se . It is about trafficking in human beings where early identification of the victim is of primary importance .
In addition , each Member State is free to select its air navigation providers , and the regulation must provide for cases where public or private businesses concern missions of general interest .
Up to 4 players are shown in the upper third of the display; the name of the current player is indicated .
Therefore , the rapporteur &apos;s request for an increased budget is in line with the observations made by the Commission , especially if we bear in mind the expected increase in work in this field , following the accession of the candidate countries .
The latest A321 contract increases the total number of orders placed by Vietnam Airlines for the type to 41 , of which 14 have already been delivered .
Information of the pcb design , which is electrically relevant like tracks , pads , vias , nets and the board stack-up are not taken into account within IDF .
The hotel offers 25 rooms with an accommodation capacity of 45 beds . We have single rooms , double rooms as well as DELUXE rooms available .
Using Huck fasteners allows the use of pre-cut and readily finished parts increasing the production speed .
 (DE) Mr President , Mrs Rapti , yes , that is possible , because , of course , an overlap has emerged in the meantime between the actual areas of work .
This must not happen: this instrument is supposed to be independent of host-country control .
Welcome on the Website of the SFPL ...
Can we count on our ESDP , not only to fulfil the Petersberg tasks , but also to combat terrorism ?
We neither can nor should get rid of our nuclear weapons , which form a part of NATO " s defence strategy and which are one of the reasons why the Cold War remained cold .
The EURES adviser can help national and European institutions to be informed as quickly as possible about obstacles to mobility .
And then there are the dollar bananas from Central America which the Germans particularly like .
Members of Parliament , the proposal for closer cooperation between the Commission and the European Parliament to promote the strategy for the European policy has once again been reiterated .
A second signal could concern the plan to set up holding centres for refugees and migrants on the southern shore of the Mediterranean or in other countries outside the Union .
We are attacking again .
This issue was discussed at the Ecofin Council on 8 November and will be discussed again on 6 December .
This page was last modified 18: 26 , 19 November 2009 by gautam .
) input to the drilling class prompt can be used to refrain from any drilling class assignment (this is the default for drill hole definitions).
to close the connection , as shown in Example 5.2 .
Franck is responsible for managing the Zero 88 dealer network across Northern and Eastern Europe .
What is more , I also had problems obtaining a seat at all on a flight to Strasbourg .
Of particular importance is the committee &apos;s proposing that the scope of the directive be extended beyond the requirements of the Geneva Convention .
The Hotel is within 5-10 min walking distance to main train station . It &apos;s about a 20-25 min walk to the main town area to view river , sights , castle , shops etc .
Without much effort for at least 10 tonnes per hectare of organic food guaranteed .
HDTV: High Definition Television is a generic term for a number of television standards characterized by an increased vertical , horizontal and / or temporal resolution compared to conventional television .
Mr President , I want briefly to raise two issues regarding freedom of expression .
As far as our energy policy goals are concerned , we should not throw the baby out with the bathwater .
It also has swimming pools , gardens , a cafeteria , restaurant and large terraces .
